PCPatch: validate mesh overlap (#4684)
firedrakeproject/firedrake: demos/patch/hcurl_riesz_star.py.rst

and `Pablo Brubeck <https://www.maths.ox.ac.uk/people/pablo.brubeckmartinez/>`_.

Multigrid in H(div) and H(curl) also requires relaxation based on topological patches.
Here, we demonstrate how to do this in the latter case.

We start by importing firedrake and setting up a :func:`.MeshHierarchy` and the

> exact solution and forcing data. Crucially, the base mesh must have an overlapping

Author: ```suggestion
exact solution and forcing data. Crucially, the meshes must have an overlapping
```
